chore(website): update docs to reference Figma instead of Sketch (#1566)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/icons/how-to-add-an-icon/index.mdx

---

<Callout>
  <CalloutTitle as="h4">Self-service icon additions are temporarily unavailable</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>
    Due to an ongoing migration from Sketch to Figma, our self-service procedure is currently unavailable. All icon
    additions to Paste must follow the Github Discussions approach described below.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

1. Make sure the icon you need doesn’t already exist in [our icon list](/icons).

> 2. If the icon can be used for a similar use case to yours in multiple products ("UI icon"), find a new icon by searching through the [Streamline app](https://app.streamlineicons.com/streamline-regular). If the icon needs to be reserved for use in your product only ("logo icon"), please [request one from our Brand team](https://www.twilio.com/brand/resources/logos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the icon can be used for a similar use case to yours in multiple products ("UI icon"), find a new icon by searching through the [Streamline app](https://app.streamlinehq.com/icons). If the icon needs to be reserved for use in your product only ("logo icon"), please [request one from our Brand team](https://www.twilio.com/brand/resources/logos).
```

3. Create a [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions) with:

>    1. A link or screenshot of the icon

Reviewer: Can these nested GH Discussion steps be a ul instead of an ol? I just don't like the look of nested numbered lists—looks intimidating 😂
